The person who built it sold it. The person who bought it never used it. The person who used it never saw it. What is it?
I have no feet to dance, I have no eyes to see, I have no life to live or die but yet I do all three. What am I?
I have cities, but no houses. I have mountains, but no trees. I have water, but no fish. What am I?
When you have me more, you can see only less. What Am I?
I don't have eyes, but once I did see. Once I had thoughts, but now I'm white and empty.
What begins with an “e” and only contains one letter?
You must keep it after giving it.
I cover cities and destroy mountains, I make men blind, yet help them see.
Of no use to one, yet absolute bliss to two. The small boy gets it for nothing. The young man has to lie for it. The old man has to buy it.
I weaken all men for hours each day. I show you strange visions while you are away. I take you by night, by day take you back, None suffer to have me, but do from my lack.
What’s the name of the entity that can be summoned by saying their name three times while looking in a mirror?
What entity was seen near the Silver Bridge a few weeks after it’s collapse?
What is the name that you do not want a ouija board to spell out 12 times?
What takes the children away in the Russian lullaby Bayu Bayushki Bayu?
“That is not dead which can eternal lie, And with strange aeons, even death may die.”
Which creature is not an Outer God?
Which of the Outer Gods walks among us in disguise?
What is the name of the Book of the Dead?
Who among the Cenobites is the Hell Priest?
What is the real name of the person, whose soul is inside Chucky from Child’s Play?
What is the name of the antagonist in Friday the 13th?
What is the vampire’s name in the German film Nosferatu?
Would you like to die?
Is this real?
What have you done that you regret?
Who have you killed?
Where are we?
Tell me a truth, I’ll bite off your head, or Tell me a lie, and your guts I will shred.
A curse born of a strong grudge held by someone who died. The place of his death gathers his grudge. Anyone who comes in contact with this curse shall lose his life and a new curse is born.
What is the name of the cursed raggedy doll examined by Ed and Lorraine Warren?
What is the current house number and street name of the Amityville horror house?
What is the name of the type of Demon that seduces men in their dreams?
All work no play makes ____ a dull boy.
“Hell is empty and all the devils are here.”
What's the name of the first jigsaw killer in the Saw films?
What film was meant to be the Saw prequel, but was declined?
